feat: Support rebase only when newer version has been found (#10623)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/updating-rebasing.md

- Each Renovate branch will always have 1 and only 1 commit
- The newest version will be based off the latest base branch commit at the time

> When using the default configuration (`"rebaseWhen": "auto"`), this will happen automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the default configuration (`"rebaseWhen": "auto"`), this happens automatically.
```

> However, if you only want Renovate to rebase when a newer version of the dependency "foo" is available, you can configure `"rebaseWhen": "newer-version"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you want Renovate to rebase only when a newer version of the dependency "foo" is available, you can configure `"rebaseWhen": "newer-version"`.
```

> This behaviour is fully disabled by configuring `"rebaseWhen": "never"` (not recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want Renovate to rebase branches, you can configure `"rebaseWhen": "never"` (not recommended).
```
